crafting a strong resume, Um, is about oftentimes it's about spin. So
it's not just what you've done, but it's how you're presenting what
you've done. Um, so if you think about it in almost any job that you
have there, certain skill sets that you're developing that are useful
in that particular job. But they also probably apply to other types
of context. Eso even, you know, working at Starbucks, for instance.
Um, you know, you may be developing communication skills. You may
be developing leadership skills management skills, and so, as you are
entering things into your resume, you always want to be presenting
them in the best possible light. So instead of just saying like, yeah
worked at Starbucks for three years, you could say, You know, I've
worked at Starbucks from this day to this state, and part of my duties
included this this and this. And you know, I led a team here and
I did this here. I've you know, I've been complimented for my my
way of handling, you know, irate customers or whatever. So you're really
just kind of presenting this material in the best possible light,
and there are a lot of groups on campus. So psy chi pds A regularly
host, um, sessions on how to develop your your CV or your resume.
The career center is a great resource for polishing up your C v. Your
resume eso you can you can access those resource is to really help
you develop the best resume you can.